.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 Clay Freeman <git@clayfreeman.com>.
.\"
.TH CREATE-SITE 8 "December 12 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
create-site \- Create a shared hosting site.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B create-site
.RI [ options ] " account template domain"
.RI [ domain ] " ..."
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B create-site
will attempt to create nginx and OpenDKIM configuration files for the requested
\fIdomain\fP(s) using the specified \fItemplate\fP.
.PP
Before modifying any resources, \fBcreate-site\fP will ensure that the provided
\fIaccount\fP already exists within the internal database and that each
\fIdomain\fP's validity is verified against the following regular expression:

.in +.5i
\fL/^([a-z0-9]+(-[a-z0-9]+)*\\.)+[a-z]{2,}$/i\fP
.in

Next, \fIdomain\fP availability is verified, then a 1024-bit RSA private key is
generated for each \fIdomain\fP using PHP's OpenSSL extension. Finally, after
verifying that the requested \fItemplate\fP exists, the configuration is flushed
to disk and the applicable services are restarted.
.PP
The first provided \fIdomain\fP becomes the primary domain for the site. This
will decide the Common Name (CN) of any subsequently generated certificates (see
.BR enable-tls (8))
and the path to the site's document root which is located at
\fL~\fP\fIaccount\fP\fL/public_html/\fP\fIdomain\fP. All \fIdomain\fP(s) act as
wildcard virtual hosts (\fL*.\fP\fIdomain\fP) to the same document root.
.PP
Templates that can be specified for this command are stored in
\fL/etc/nginx/templates\fP. When specifying \fItemplate\fP, the \fL-http.conf\fP
suffix should be omitted. Custom templates can be created in this directory if
they obey the following conventions:
.IP \[bu] 2
Templates are generally split between \fItemplate\fP\fL-common.conf\fP,
\fItemplate\fP\fL-http.conf\fP and \fItemplate\fP\fL-https.conf\fP.
\fBcreate-site\fP only requires the plain-text \fLhttp\fP variant, so the
\fLcommon\fP and \fLhttps\fP variants can be omitted (although not suggested).
\fBenable-tls\fP(8) switches the site template from the \fLhttp\fP variant to
the \fLhttps\fP variant.
.IP \[bu]
Templates should always \fLinclude\fP the appropriate URL scheme parent-template
(\fLhttp.conf\fP or \fLhttps.conf\fP). These parent-templates contain two
\fLlisten\fP directives (IPv4 and IPv6; standard port numbers) and include the
overall \fLgeneral.conf\fP parent-template. \fLhttps.conf\fP contains various
HTTPS tuning directives in addition to the other directives for heightened
security.
.IP \[bu]
Templates should always place custom or non-standard functionality last so that
they can override boilerplate directives if necessary.
.PP
Below is a list of templates currently available at the time of writing:
.TS
tab(@);
lll.
@\fBCanonical Name\fP@\fBPHP Version\fP
Drupal 6.x@\fLdrupal6\fP@5.6
Drupal 7+@\fLdrupal7\fP@7.1
Generic (PHP 5.6)@\fLgeneric-php5.6\fP@5.6
Generic (PHP 7.0)@\fLgeneric-php7.0\fP@7.0
Generic (PHP 7.1)@\fLgeneric-php7.1\fP@7.1
Generic (PHP 7.2)@\fLgeneric-php7.2\fP@7.2
Joomla! 2.x to 3.4.x@\fLjoomla2x\fP@5.6
Joomla! 3.5.x to 3.7.x@\fLjoomla35\fP@7.1
Joomla! 3.8+@\fLjoomla38\fP@7.2
Moodle 3.2+@\fLmoodle\fP@7.1
WordPress (Compat)@\fLwordpress-compat\fP@5.6
WordPress@\fLwordpress\fP@7.1
.TE
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help message.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Do not output any message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the application version.
.TP
.B \-\-ansi
Force ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-ansi
Disable ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no\-interaction
Do not ask any interactive question.
.TP
.B \-v|vv|vvv, \-\-verbose
Increase the verbosity of messages: 1 for normal output, 2 for more verbose
output and 3 for debug.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR delete-site (8),
.BR enable-tls (8).
