.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 Clay Freeman <git@clayfreeman.com>.
.\"
.TH CREATE-ACCOUNT 8 "December 12 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
create-account \- Create a shared hosting account.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B create-account
.RI [ options ] " username"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B create-account
will attempt to create and configure a MySQL user, a user-specific PHP-FPM pool
and a Unix account using the provided \fIusername\fP for each.
.PP
Before modifying any resources, this command will check the validity of the
provided \fIusername\fP against the following regular expression:

.in +.5i
\fL/^[a-z][a-z0-9]{2,30}$/\fP
.in

In addition to \fIusername\fP format validation, the requested \fIusername\fP is
also checked for availability across all necessary resources.
.PP
Once all preconditions for account creation are met, the following actions will
occur (assuming no failures):
.IP \[bu] 2
A password-less Unix user account is created using the provided \fIusername\fP.
The resulting user's home directory will be used for hosting its associated
sites' files.
.IP \[bu]
A MySQL user account is created using the provided \fIusername\fP (with a
randomly generated password) and is then granted full access to databases
matching the \fIusername\fP\fL\\_%\fP wildcard expression.

MySQL accounts are limited to \fLlocalhost\fP-only connectivity by default.
After the MySQL user account is created, the credentials are populated in the
MySQL client configuration located at \fL~\fP\fIusername\fP\fL/.my.cnf\fP to
enable auto-login via MySQL's command-line interface.
.IP \[bu]
A PHP-FPM pool is created for each installed version of PHP-FPM (at the time of
account creation) that is sandboxed to the hosting account's home directory.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help message.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Do not output any message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the application version.
.TP
.B \-\-ansi
Force ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-ansi
Disable ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no\-interaction
Do not ask any interactive question.
.TP
.B \-v|vv|vvv, \-\-verbose
Increase the verbosity of messages: 1 for normal output, 2 for more verbose
output and 3 for debug.
.SH NOTES
Upon installing additional versions of PHP-FPM, the supplemental pool
configurations for PHP-FPM can be created by running \fBflush-config\fP(8).
Pending configuration changes will go into effect after
\fBrestart-services\fP(8) is ran, or when the applicable services are restarted
manually.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR delete-account (8),
.BR flush-config (8),
.BR list-accounts (8),
.BR restart-services (8).
