.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 Clay Freeman <git@clayfreeman.com>.
.\"
.TH DELETE-ACCOUNT 8 "December 12 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
delete-account \- Backup and remove a shared hosting account.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B delete-account
.RI [ options ] " username"
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B delete-account
attempts to remove all associated account resources configured by
.BR create-account (8)
after a backup is created of the user's home directory.
.PP
The backup of the user's home directory is created during the call to
.BR deluser (8).
for the Unix account.
.PP
Databases owned by the deleted account will not be removed, and instead will
only be accessible via MySQL's administrative account (i.e. \fLroot\fP).
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help message.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Do not output any message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the application version.
.TP
.B \-\-ansi
Force ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-ansi
Disable ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no\-interaction
Do not ask any interactive question.
.TP
.B \-v|vv|vvv, \-\-verbose
Increase the verbosity of messages: 1 for normal output, 2 for more verbose
output and 3 for debug.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR create-account (8),
.BR deluser (8).
