.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" (C) Copyright 2017 Clay Freeman <git@clayfreeman.com>.
.\"
.TH FLUSH-CONFIG 8 "December 12 2017"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
flush-config \- Flush all shared hosting configuration to disk.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B flush-config
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B flush-config
rewrites all shared hosting configuration to disk including all PHP-FPM pools
(with respective version-specific includes at
\fL/etc/shared-hosting/phpVER-common.conf\fP), each site's virtual host file,
and each domain's DKIM signing key.
.PP
If a version-specific PHP-FPM include already exists, it will not be
overwritten; only newly installed versions of PHP-FPM will be flushed. This
behavior can be changed with the \fL--overwrite\fP option.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Display the help message.
.TP
.B \-q, \-\-quiet
Do not output any message.
.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Display the application version.
.TP
.B \-\-ansi
Force ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-ansi
Disable ANSI output.
.TP
.B \-n, \-\-no\-interaction
Do not ask any interactive question.
.TP
.B \-\-overwrite
Replaces any existing version-specific PHP-FPM common configuration files.
.TP
.B \-v|vv|vvv, \-\-verbose
Increase the verbosity of messages: 1 for normal output, 2 for more verbose
output and 3 for debug.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR restart-services (8).
